AWSCore Gem: Add notice about deactivating AWS EC2 IMDS calls (#1991)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-core/getting-started.md

You should now be able to utilize AWS functions in Lua script, Script Canvas, or C++ to communicate with your AWS resources. See [Scripting with AWS Core](./scripting/) for scripting examples.

> ## Prevent calls to Amazon EC2 Instance Metadate Service

Author: Great catch

The Gem uses the [AWS C++ SDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp) to call AWS resources. Its recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable. 
This will prevent SDK resources from attempting to contact the Amazon EC2 Instance Metadate Service (IMDS), which may occur to retrieve configuration, region and credential information. 

> Requests to Amazon EC2 IMDS will fail on non Amazon EC2 compute leading to delays and wasted network resources.
> 

Reviewer: Combined into previous paragraph.
```suggestion
```

You should now be able to utilize AWS functions in Lua script, Script Canvas, or C++ to communicate with your AWS resources. See [Scripting with AWS Core](./scripting/) for scripting examples.

## Prevent calls to Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service

> AWS Gems use the [AWS C++ SDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp) to call AWS resources. Unless your project is running on Amazon EC2 compute, it's recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable. 

Reviewer 2: since `AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED` needs to be set "true" to disable it, feels wrong to phrase it as "turning it off". 

Maybe we should just say "it's recommended that you set the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable to `true`. Setting this environment variable will prevent..."

Author: Fixed below.

> AWS Gems use the [AWS C++ SDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp) to call AWS resources. Unless your project is running on Amazon EC2 compute, it's recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable. 
> Turning this setting off will prevent SDK resources from needlessly attempting to contact the Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) for configuration, region, and credential information, which can result in delays and wasted network resources.

Reviewer: Capturing allisaurus's suggestion:
```suggestion
AWS Gems use the [AWS C++ SDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp) to call AWS resources. Unless your project is running on Amazon EC2 compute, it's recommended that you turn off Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) queries by setting the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable to `true`. 
Setting this environment variable will prevent SDK resources from needlessly attempting to contact the Amazon EC2 IMDS for configuration, region, and credential information, which can result in delays and wasted network resources.
```
